Update README with connection to db via psql (#114)
graphile/starter: docker/README.md

run
[docker-volume-watcher](https://github.com/merofeev/docker-windows-volume-watcher)

#### DB tool:

> To connect to the newly created container db with psql/{db tool} you connect to it by default if not anything else specified via port 6543 on localhost with the `DATABASE_NAME` specificed as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to the container database with psql or another database tool, use port 6543 on localhost and populate the `DATABASE_NAME`, `DATABASE_OWNER` and `DATABASE_OWNER_PASSWORD` from your `.env` file:
```

```bash

> $ psql postgres://$DATABASE_NAME@localhost:6543

Reviewer: The database name goes into the path of the connection string, and you may need to add authentication credentials. These settings are from `.env`:

```suggestion
$ psql "postgres://$DATABASE_OWNER:$DATABASE_OWNER_PASSWORD@localhost:6543/$DATABASE_NAME"
```

Author: Cool! Do we need to say something about .env you think?

Reviewer: Not sure
